Facebook Removing Network Pages: WTF?
Published on May 31, 2008.
I was browsing around Facebook today when I thought of checking the network pages for my universities.
Network pages are interesting because you can see stuff that’s popular in your particular network.
While the Network pages seem to be rarely used, I still think they’re interesting to have around.
For example, here’s the statistics page for Michigan as of right now:
I found it really difficult to find the network page today.
In fact, I had to go to google and query for “facebook networks” to actually find the networks page.
This is because Facebook is apparently discontinuing the network pages.
Now is a good time for me to ask, “WTF!?”
Social networks are interesting because they have multiple variables.
People know each other through networks, especially by regional and work networks.
By removing network pages, Facebook is losing a pretty important source of info.
I understand they’re not removing actual networks; just their pages.
But still, why bother getting rid of something?
They aren’t really being used, but I still like to check them now and then to get a quick overview of what’s happening.
Recently, Facebook seems to be closer and closer to jumping that proverbial shark.
Not just because of this change, but because of changes to the developer platform as well.
It’s gotten to the point where one cannot casually write applications for Facebook because the functions they use will surely become deprecated within months.
Can you imagine that happening on a real OS?
Combine the “alpha” hijinks of the platform with the fact that no meaningful income is being made on the apps, and you have a formula for slow, rotting death of applications!
Will the next Facebook please stand up?